No.
I can't.
I'm...
sorry.
Goodness, you're so excited.
(Seo Jeong Won)
I'll be...
getting my test result soon.
If I don't get a positive result,
I'll keep trying...
until it works.
But you hate kids.
I tried to hate them...
because I couldn't have them.
From now on,
because it's going to be hard for us to have kids,
we might talk about...
not having kids...
or trying medical procedures after getting married.
We'll be faced with many uncomfortable conversations.
We'll have to talk about things that are painful to talk about...
and that hurt our pride.
We'll want to avoid it.
We might argue.
And one day,
we might want to quit.
- Are you scared? - Yes.
I know you said we should find a way through this.
But there might not be...
a miracle.
You might have to go through the same hurtful experience.
Are you still okay with that?
Even so, let's not give up.
This is an unfair journey...
where the woman is bound to have a harder time...
than the man.
Even if we both lose the fight, you'll end up hurting...
a lot more than me.
So I hope you win.
Because I don't plan on losing either.
We can do this.
(Episode 12: Grown-ups Leave a Place to Go Back to)
Were you about to turn in for the night?
Are you here to brag about your date with Mr. Han?
Is that what you call him?
I call him that too.
What else should I call him?
You called him your son-in-law.
It just popped out.
That wasn't a sign of approval.
He seems like a decent guy,
but don't jump at the chance of marriage...
because you're running out of time.
You're making it sound like I'm a bulldozer.
It takes a long time to know someone's true side,
and marriage doesn't instantly give you an answer.
During the honeymoon phase,
everything about him will seem adorable,
so keep an objective eye.
If something about him is bound to trouble you,
just let him loose.
Got it?
Let him loose?
He's not some tied up dog.
What's with that response?
Is there something wrong with him?
No.
He's not like that.
As if you can be objective.
That's my job to confirm.
You have to get married soon,
so I'll see which one is a better fit for you.
Which one?
It means that I won't let you marry someone unacceptable.
Don't focus too much on the little things...
and try more to be fond of him.
Good night.
- Hello, ma'am. - Goodness. Are you here for Ha Ri?
She heads to work earlier now that she's the editor-in-chief.
Actually, I came by to join you on your workout.
- Me? - Yes.
There's only one thing I want.
All I need from you is to show your unchanging love...
for my Ha Ri.
Out of everything I can offer her, it's what I'm most...
capable of,
so you don't need to worry.
Gosh, this isn't what you think.
He wants to exercise.
My dear Mr. Han wants to join me for my workout.
Your dear Mr. Han?
My gosh. Is that what I said?
I wonder why. That's not what I meant at all.
Well, I hope you two have a good time.
Let's go.
Auntie, I'm not seeing any patients this morning,
so I'll drop Do Ah off and head to your aerobics class.
Where does it take place?
2 and 3.
Left foot. One.
- 1, 2, 3, 4. - 2.
3 and 4.
Arms!
Two.
- Auntie! - Three.
Four. Left arm.
2 and 3.
Four and arms.
Big movements.
I understand that you're trying to win my heart,
but you're embarrassing me at my place of work.
- I apologize. - Auntie.
Why do you keep talking to him as if he's your son-in-law?
- Is that what I did? - Yes.
You should cut it out already.
Ha Ri and I are in love.
You have no shame, do you?
Don't you see that you're not right for her?
You can throw all the insults you want at me.
I still won't leave Ha Ri.
Gosh, that's so romantic.
Auntie, he's...
He's...
Just forget it.
I hope this makes you realize...
that I'm the most honorable man you'll ever come across.
I disapprove of him.
Is that so? Then keep a close eye on him for me.
He'll be better to Ha Ri because of it.
What am I, some sort of breaking ball?
What's that?
Is that like a dog?
No, that's not...
Anyway, you can't just approve of anyone...
because Ha Ri's clock is ticking.
Let me be honest with you two.
To be frank, neither of you are good enough...
for my daughter.
She only fell for you hard...
because it's hard to meet decent bachelors at her age.
It hasn't been long enough for her to really see your true colors.
Yes, you're right.
You're absolutely right.
Meanwhile,
you don't have anything to offer...
other than the fact that you're a doctor.
I'm only considering you as a candidate...
because we've been like a family for so long.
Are you going to betray me like this?
I have much more to offer, you know.
Must you tell me that you consider him...
as a suitor for your daughter though?
I know it makes me seem like a two-timer,
but your relationship might not last.
That's right.
- Who Ha Ri likes is up to her. - Right.
But I still consider Jae Young as a possible suitor for her.
Auntie...
I don't mind either of you,
so please give me some time.
It's impossible to make a choice right now.
My gosh.
Dr. Yoon,
thank you.
Don't be...
because I haven't given up.
Gosh, this is heavy.
Yeon Ho, what's that?
My mom keeps brewing this pregnancy-boosting herbal tonic.
She's killing me.
It's your mom who's pushing, not your mother-in-law?
I don't get why she feels guilty...
when it's my choice not to have kids.
The hardship of being a DINK couple.
Well, this is a worry for another day.
So are we still up for the workshop?
I submitted the proposal, but it hasn't been approved.
But it's this weekend.
Must the workshop take place on the weekend?
When will we get our rest?
But we need to work on weekdays.
Anyway, I'll ask about it.
Is there anything...
- you need confirmed? - No.
- There's an errand I need to run. - Sure.
- See you later. - See you.
- I won't be gone long. - See you later.
Yes, come in.
What brought you here?
I'm here for a checkup.
And you came to a pediatrician?
Are you really sick?
What is it?
My heart feels like someone's poking at it.
I wonder why.
Is there a heartworm living in it?
I'm here to thank you.
Here I am trying to make a worrisome relationship work,
but you've been by my side...
worrying about me and telling me off at times.
It's a tough job being my friend, right?
Thank you for not telling my mom the truth.
Who knew that...
there would come a day when you thanked me for something.
I never liked him from the get-go though.
Must you take this difficult path?
Jae Young,
I like him a lot.
I don't want to lose him.
I'll do my best to make it work,
so put your worries aside and help me do so.
What's the plan then?
Are you giving up on having kids?
It's been your dream.
Can you give that up?
I may be able to give it up.
We're going to look for a way together.
See you.
Ha Ri.
Put this on.
Why?
How's my heart?
Hey. Why are you so angry?
Your heart is furious.
Yes, I'm angry...
because of you.
How old are you?
- 4 years old. - You're 4 years old?
What's your name?
Lee Ro Eun.
Lee Ro Eun?
You're so pretty.
Lee Ro Eun.
(Thank you for applying the position...)
You punks.
You punks. Take that.
Honey. Should we buy a dishwasher?
It's not that I don't want to do the dishes.
It's tiring for you.
Stop fighting.
Honey. We're out of dish soap.
Wash with baking soda.
Okay.
Hold on.
Here it is.
Honey. Honey, where are you going?
Honey.
Did you come here after running away from home?
What's up?
I heard Hyun Suk cooked, watched the kids, and cleaned,
but you just left.
Look.
Her dark circles are darker than her makeup,
and her eyes are bloodshot as she works.
Isn't that so dreamy?
What happened?
What stupid company...
failed to appreciate the mighty Kim Eun Young,
who will advance our nation's IT industry?
I mailed out 50 resumes,
but they won't hire me even as a clerk.
How could one blank line in my resume...
delete all of my experience?
What about you?
Are you okay?
I can't stop thinking about having kids,
but I'm still happy.
I'm jealous of you for some reason.
I know it's a big deal,
but don't try to make a decision right now and just date him.
It'll work out.
Thanks.
It'll work out for you too.
I don't want to live like this.
But I think I'll have to.
How do you know that?
I don't even know what I'll have for breakfast tomorrow.
I do. I'll eat the kids' leftovers.
No. You'll eat what I make,
whatever that may be.
Get up.
I told Hyun Suk you're staying with me tonight.
Let's go.
Where are you?
You didn't come to the studio.
Is something wrong?
I'm working on something very important right now.
What?
I'm building my future.
- Soo Chul? - Yes?
Oh my gosh.
What are you doing here?
Important work.
Yeon Ho.
What are you doing here?
Are you fully booked?
Can I stay over tonight too?
Is tonight free wives' night?
Have you two met before?
This is my friend Kim Eun Young.
This is my colleague, Park Yeon Ho.
Runaway wives, come in.
- Is that cheese? - Yes.
Here.
Try it.
This place is very busy.
I thought it may be a good side job, so I'm doing an internship.
Do you have the money to open a store?
I'll get a loan.
The studio isn't enough. I'm too nervous.
What? Did you two make up?
Did Ms. Jang say it's okay?
It may be even harder than it is now,
but thankfully, she held onto me.
We'll have to think positive and try.
But do you want kids too?
You said there'll be no kids in your future.
Ha Ri wants them,
so I want to share her dream.
A dream about me wanting to become a dad.
Soo Chul.
Is there a certain state of mind that you must have...
before you become a dad?
You won't know until the baby is born.
I absolutely had no idea.
Who knew I'd be such a fool for my daughter,
that I'd be working so hard to pay for my daughter's lessons?
You just go with it!
You just go with it.
- Should I just go? - You just eat it.
Eat.
Sure. Let's go.
- Wait. Isn't this chicken feet? - Yes.
Isn't it good?
I can't eat chicken feet, but this tastes good.
- Isn't it? Enjoy. - Yes.
It's really chewy.
My mom was being considerate and sent us herbal tonic...
to help us get pregnant.
But he says he doesn't want them.
I mean, just don't take them then. Don't badmouth my mom.
Raising kids is 100 times harder than working.
I increased stamina from raising my kids...
and improved on my patience.
So shouldn't that count as experience?
Drink some water.
- I'm okay now. - Good.
I thought childless couples had it easy,
but they have problems too.
You raise the kids all by yourself.
I'd rather pull all-nighters for a full week.
I can't stay home and raise kids.
Oh, no.
Me neither.
But...
the kids make it bearable.
I get so furious every time they cause trouble.
But when I see them sleeping in bed,
I can't ever imagine my life without them.
Where are you? I'm going to catch you!
I told you to play with the kids, not scare them!
My goodness.
Gosh, what? I'm a real T-rex!
You guys, it's your dad.
Attack! Attack him!
Oh, no! Don't attack me!
You got me!
Come here!
Hey, by the way,
haven't you thought of adopting?
Single men and women are allowed to adopt.
They take my job and wealth into consideration...
and check if I have a family who can help me raise the kid.
They have a few conditions,
and I also need to pass a family test.
I guess she already thought of it.
A child should be a gift, not an alternative.
I feel like I should be well-prepared...
so that both the child and I don't end up getting hurt.
But I don't think I'm ready.
You think way too much.
Okay, let's decide.
Two can sleep in my room, and the one can sleep here.
Do you want to play the ladder game?
I want to go home.
I suddenly miss my kids.
I knew you'd be like that.
Have fun and go home safely.
Let's meet up again.
But let's not meet up in this kind of mood again.
Let me know when you made to home.
Bye.
Good night. Bye.
Go home safely.
- Okay, see you again. - Okay.
- Call me. - Okay, bye.
I guess you actually thought of having a baby.
Yes, of course.
I know life can feel a bit empty...
without a kid sometimes,
but I'm nervous that a kid...
might shatter my stable life.
My husband and I are very satisfied with our lives right now.
How does it feel like to live without a kid?
We're both very loyal to each other.
It's just us,
so we're very interested in each other.
We're always curious of how the other person's day went.
We check each other's feelings,
and we do everything together.
We give each other space.
And if we feel like...
going on a trip one day,
we're able to leave right away.
We mean everything to each other.
So we're very affectionate.
I guess people could live...
without a kid.
But other people think...
it's both abnormal not to have kids after marriage...
and to want kids without planning to get married.
No one understands us.
We don't live our lives hoping to be understood by others.
We just do our best to make the right choice.
We're doing well.
- Let's go to bed. - Goodnight.
You too.
- I'll take this. - Okay.
This is a Bed and Breakfast gift certificate for one night.
- A gift certificate? - Yes.
Gosh, I didn't expect this.
Thank you.
Yeon Ho.
What would you have done...
if your husband didn't come to pick you up?
I just need to go home and tell him I'm hungry. Then he'll cook for me.
That's how we make up.
Ha Ri, have fun with your boyfriend.
Thank you for last night.
Go on. Hurry.
Let's go home.
- Do you know how much I cried? - Okay, okay.
My gosh, I'm hungry.
A place to go back to.
Yeon Ho and Eun Young probably both left...
because they knew they had a place to go back to.
When my mom got surgery for stomach cancer,
I was busy working.
I had to get my work done and head to the hospital,
so I had no time to be upset or be hard on myself.
It felt unfamiliar to see my mom so sick.
And she seemed so weak for the very first time.
But it wasn't a big deal.
I was fine.
My mom and I...
both brushed it off.
But when I came home to an empty house,
I suddenly felt sad.
If my mom is gone,
this empty house...
would no longer be a place for me to come back to.
I realized...
that I'd have nowhere to go back to.
No matter how far your journey is,
and no matter how exhausted you are,
you'll be able to get through it...
as long as you have a place to go back to.
Will that person...
become my place to go back to?
Do you want that?
Isn't it adorable?
Your entire house is filled with Moai statues, and you want more?
I don't have that one.
That one is new to me.
I Sang really wants that.
Gosh, you're not even drunk, so you're kind of scaring me.
Let me explain what that was.
The innocent child that was hidden deep down inside...
suddenly just popped out.
You're making me want to be immature as well.
Choose between me and that.
But...
What do you mean?
What? Why aren't you answering me?
Are you actually thinking about it?
No, what are you talking about?
But you still haven't given me an answer.
I can't compare that with you.
Are you saying you like that way better?
My gosh, no.
My feelings for the Moai statue are different from how I feel...
You're too late.
No, wait. But...
- Is this model safe to drive? - Yes, you can check inside.
Okay.
- Come this way. - Okay.
- This is the living room. - I see.
- Is that the Han River? - Yes, it is.
It's nice.
I should work hard.
Gosh, you scared me.
Was I too obvious?
Stop encouraging me. It won't do any good.
But quarreling with you makes it feel like we're really dating.
We should be busy loving each other. Let's not quarrel.
Do you want to go on a trip?
You worked really hard, so you can take a break.
- For one night? - Is that too short?
How about for two nights?
I'd also love to spend a lot of time with you,
but I need to go to work.
So I don't think I can spend two nights with...
What are you thinking about?
No, that's not what I meant. Do everything you want.
You even gave me the toilet cleaner...
The toilet cleaner?
That was me taking a huge step, you know.
I wanted to know how you felt about me.
Don't think that I'm one of those women...
who barge into other people's homes.
That's not it. What I wanted to show you is...
Save it.
The toilet cleaner does wonders, right?
Don't follow me.
But...
I was trying to invite you on an overnight trip.
Why were you stuck in there?
Why on earth would he bring up the toilet cleaner?
Is he not coming after me?
Then I should head home.
I can't believe he didn't come after me.
It's obvious that I said something wrong.
I made her seem like some crazy woman.
(Ha Ri)
No way. This won't seem sincere at all.
No texting.
All right, I got it.
(I love you.)
Finally.
I should text this to her.
Am I supposed to call him first?
Well...
Why not? I guess I can do that.
(Calls)
(I Sang)
As your boyfriend,
I truly apologize for making you seem like someone...
who's only interested in sex.
I will do my best to make sure that nothing like this...
ever happens again.
Once again, I'm deeply sorry.
I love you.
I love you too.
Watch out!
Don't forget...
this moment that I saved thy life.
Remember this very second.
Remember it.
Thy?
I'm sorry, Ms. Jang.
Ms. Jang?
For at least once,
I wanted you to see me as a man.
I admire you, you know.
You also seem fragile which makes me want to protect you.
But then again, you are someone I want to be like someday.
I guess that's why I wanted you to be fond of me.
However, I no longer want to be seen by you...
in a certain way.
All I want is to see you do well.
That's all.
Well, I'm good.
And you've been a great comfort to me...
in many ways.
You're a nice guy, you know.
Thank you.
Hello.
I forgot to bring Do Ah's medicine earlier.
- Could you give her this? - Sure.
By the way, Do Ah spilled juice on it.
But this isn't hers.
Her mother dropped it off.
Her mom?
She came by a few days ago with some clothes and toys...
and spent a while watching Do Ah from outside.
Jae Young.
I'll allow visits.
Don't confuse her in any way by dropping by at your convenience...
but follow a strict schedule.
Just so we're clear, this doesn't mean anything.
So you have...
a vacant room this weekend only?
Right.
Then, I'll book if for now.
All right. Thank you.
- You scared me. - Are you planning a weekend trip...
with Ms. Jang? To where?
Someplace nice?
I'll never tell.
Hold on. Let me see that.
It's none of your business.
We have a workshop planned for this weekend.
What? But I have free movie tickets. Won't you be able to make it?
Probably not.
How can I not attend the company workshop?
Ms. Jang's has been excitedly making plans.
I need to pretend to enjoy it.
Shall we?
Did you book the room without confirming her schedule first?
You should take your wife.
I wasn't asking, but thanks.
Everything will work out for you.
I'm sure of it.
Thanks again.
Gosh, this place seems luxurious.
We're not allowed to go since the company isn't doing well.
The workshop got canceled?
Hold on. But "The Deco" team went.
Is it just us then?
Can they treat us this poorly?
There's a rumor going on about us ceasing to publish...
and now our workshop got canceled.
Could "The Baby" actually be discontinued?
We'll have to work hard in order to stop that.
Think of any events we can hold...
that'll prove how we're still relevant.
Sure.
Go back to work then.
Got it.
I can't believe this.
Hello, sir.
It's nice to see you. Gosh.
Have you been well?
- What's wrong? - The ice cream ad.
The contract got canceled.
They aren't willing to pay much for an experienced photographer.
The photos came out great, so I'm fine with it.
Instead,
we got a coffee ad.
The shoot was scheduled already for this weekend. Can you do it?
This weekend.
We have a workshop planned for this weekend.
Ms. Jang's has been excitedly making plans.
Sure. Might as well work this weekend.
Let's have a nice romantic weekend together this weekend.
How is a PTA meeting more important than me?
It's not the first time.
Mr. Nam!
- Mr. Nam. So... - What?
Oh no.
- Mr. Nam! - Hold on.
I'll call you back.
Oh, no.
This is a limited edition that just came out.
I... I'll pay the dry cleaning bill.
It's an expensive dress.
Can I make it up to you with this?
Darn it.
Eu Ddeum.
Hello.
Do you feel okay?
I do.
Eu Ddeum.
I was too embarrassed to say this before,
but thank you for protecting me at the police station.
There were many drunk people there.
And above all,
I was afraid you'd do something humiliating.
That's why I couldn't leave.
Well, regardless. Thank you very much.
So... here.
What is this?
It's a gift card for a bed and breakfast.
If you have no one to go with, I can...
Thank you. My parents will love it.
Thank you.
Why are you suddenly bringing up your parents?
I shouldn't have given it to him.
What a waste.
- Eu Ddeum. - Yes?
- This needs approval. - Okay.
I... I'm so sorry.
I'm a terrible husband who forgot our anniversary.
Even though we couldn't travel abroad,
I should've at least taken you somewhere nice for dinner.
You work your fingers to the bone,
but I haven't done anything for you.
I'm so sorry.
- Next year, I... - Mr. Kim.
Yes?
Hold on.
What is it?
- What? - Go here.
What is this?
A bed and breakfast gift certificate.
What?
My gosh. Why did he get me something like this?
Noh Sun Jae's Bed and Breakfast?
Where is this place?
- Sir. - What?
The sales report is all messed up again.
What is wrong with the Advertising Department?
Really? Again?
How many times is this? This is exhausting.
Okay. I'll check it again.
You didn't report it yet to Mr. Joo, did you?
- I'm going to now. - No!
Don't be like that.
Here. Take your husband.
It's a really nice bed and breakfast.
- You can't give me these things... - No, no.
- I'll check it. Okay. - You can't...
Don't tell Ms. Jang either.
Well. I'll let you go this one time.
Thanks.
For letting me stay the night.
It's booked for this weekend.
Take Mr. Han.
This weekend?
Yes.
(Noh Sun Jae's Bed and Breakfast)
What's this?
I got a new car.
Get in.
Why did you suddenly get a car?
Do Ah's big now.
I'll have to take her places soon.
Should I pick you up if you finish work late?
Why are you worrying about me too?
I'm looking for a place by the hospital.
- Are you moving out? - I should find my own place.
My clinic is pretty settled down now.
I can watch Do Ah on my own now.
I'm making her formula myself too.
Nice.
You may think of me as the runny-nosed little kid...
who used to get beat up by you,
but I'm a pretty decent guy.
You sold your perfectly good car and apartment...
and lived like a deadbeat.
It's like watching Australopithecus evolve into a human.
I'm so proud of you.
I should live like a decent human being...
while making the people I love happy.
I'm going apartment hunting this weekend.
Will you go with me?
I'd like your advice.
Do you want to go here?
Noh Sun Jae's Bed and Breakfast. It's supposed to be pretty nice.
I really wanted to go, but you should go instead.
Take Jeong Won and Do Ah this weekend...
Ha Ri.
I'm asking you right now...
to look at places with me.
Auntie says she'll watch Do Ah.
Let's eat, check out places together,
and hear me out.
I want to tell you how I plan...
to live from now on.
Sure, I can listen to my friend.
But...
let's talk later.
Let's talk that day.
Did you get off work?
I'll wait in the park.
Drop me off up there. I have plans.
Sure.
Bye.
I almost forgot what you look like.
It has been way too long.
We are way too busy.
What are you doing this weekend?
I have a shoot this weekend.
You work on weekends too?
I was going to ask you to go away with me.
I thought you had a workshop this weekend.
- It got canceled. - It got canceled?
Why? Is that a bad thing?
No. What's done is done.
I got a gift certificate for a bed and breakfast this weekend.
I guess you can't go.
A bed and breakfast gift certificate?
- Where? - You can't even go.
Do you think I'd tell you it's Noh Sun Jae's Bed and Breakfast...
at 17-gil Bongsun-ro, Japyeong, Gyeonggi Province?
Do you have the gift certificate with you?
- Yes. - Let me see it.
Here.
What is it?
We really should go here.
Let's go even if the shoot ends late at night.
We don't need to go if your work finishes late.
I feel like we'll end up going here no matter what.
You just wait.
- Really? - Yes.
- You're here. - Hello.
- Long time no see. - Hello.
You came a long way.
Sir!
I packed a few stuff so you could do a taste test.
This is all you're going to give me? You could've given me more.
This is a lot more than it seems.
But should I bring you more?
No, it's okay.
- Thank you for this. - No problem.
By the way,
is Ha Ri still working at the same company?
What? Ha Ri?
I wonder how she's doing these days.
My goodness.
Did he leave?
What does he do for a living?
He always shows up all of a sudden with so much money.
But why does he suddenly want to know where Ha Ri is working at?
- You should've said you don't know. - Well...
I was going to.
But he's very quick-witted.
Do you think it's because he used to gamble for a long time?
So what did you say? Did you tell him?
Well, I just told him...
that she's probably still working at the same company.
Why did you tell him that? What if Ok Ran finds out?
What if she gets angry and kicks us out of the building?
Should I have told him that she emigrated abroad?
My gosh, you're unbelievable.
Hi, guys.
Give me some freshly baked bread.
My gosh, I'll pay for the bread.
Just make sure you pay your rent on time.
Oh, okay.
I have a lot on my mind these days.
Why?
Did something happen?
There are two guys who want to be with Ha Ri.
One is a doctor, and the other is a photographer.
They both have nice jobs and are good-looking.
Who am I supposed to choose?
My goodness.
You talk as if it's a big problem when you should be bragging.
I don't know if I should be jealous or if I should help you choose.
Let's help her choose. I'm happy for you, Ok Ran.
Hey, tell me Ha Ri's phone number.
Have a nice weekend.
- Bye. - Bye.
(Yoon Jae Young)
Jae Young, I'm not going.
Don't wait for me.
Why did you book two photo shoots in a day?
Just hurry up.
Excuse me.
Where is the model?
She just finished her shoot in the suburbs.
Can you please wait just a little bit longer?
She'll be right here.
I've been waiting for three hours.
Wouldn't it be better...
to postpone the photo shoot?
Can you please do me a favor just this once?
It's really hard to reschedule.
And the client wants the photo shoot today...
so they can stick to their schedule.
Gosh, can you please wait just this once?
Please do me a favor.
I even have a kid.
Are you done? I'm already here.
I think the shoot will end really late at night.
It might end past midnight.
I'm sorry you're there all by yourself.
I'll wait until you come.
If you can't make it, I'll just get some rest on my own.
I'll be there as soon as I finish the shoot.
I'm sorry.
I'll be waiting then.
You look great. Good. That's great.
Just a second.
Let's carry on.
You look nice.
(I Sang)
(Nitwit)
(Punk Jae Young)
Hello?
Where are you?
I'm at the bed and breakfast. I'm waiting for I Sang.
You're there by yourself?
Is he coming or not?
Are you waiting there by yourself...
even though he might not show up?
Whether or not he shows up isn't important.
What matters is that I'm waiting for him.
Ha Ri.
I'll go pick you up.
Let's go home together.
- Jae Young. - Why are you waiting for him?
Why are you waiting for someone who might not even come?
Why are you waiting for a guy...
who can't even give you assurance?
Because I want to wait for him.
I chose to wait for him, so it's okay, Jae Young.
- Bye, Mr. Han! - Bye.
Bye!
- Thank you! - You're welcome!
Sorry I'm late.
(Oh My Baby)
I don't think I can even look at her now.
There's nothing I can do anymore.
I just got greedy for a second.
Don't tell me you're at the hospital.
What are you doing here?
Whether you're sick, whether you die...
I'm sorry, Ha Ri.
Why on earth would you be sorry?
Don't you wish to always be with me?
Mull over the idea.
Is he going to propose to me?
No way. Not in front of all our colleagues.
How should I answer him?
"Yes, let's get married!"
"Sounds good."
What do I do?
My gosh.